Johnny Depp has taken to the high seas as Captain Jack Sparrow once more, and it's for the most heartwarming of causes. Depp tied on the bootstraps once more, reprising his most famous character, to film a video message for a young fan as part of the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
Depp filmed the video for an 11-year-old fan named Kori, who runs the YouTube channel "Kraken The Box." Kori has been in palliative care after undergoing multiple heart transplant surgeries and watched the Pirates of the Caribbean movies as a source of comfort and support during long periods of recovery.
Depp is no stranger to donning the Captain Jack garb off-camera. He has famously made visits to an English school while on a break from shooting Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides, after receiving a letter from a young fan asking for his assistance in performing a mutiny against the teachers, while he has routinely made trips to hospitals to lift the spirits of sick children, having started the tradition when his daughter Lily-Rose Depp fell ill during the shooting of an early Pirates film, and ending up donating $1 million to the Great Ormond Street Hospital.
In a special video message, Johnny Depp recently appeared as Captain Jack Sparrow to fulfil the wish of a terminally ill 11-year-old boy. The actor surprised YouTuber Kori, who has undergone two unsuccessful heart transplants and has decided not to face the ordeal for the third time. The 11-year-old does not know how much longer he has left to live, the Evening Standard reported. 
Now, to fulfil the little boy's wish to speak to his idol Captain Jack Sparrow, Johnny Depp dressed as the iconic character from the movie 'Pirates of the Caribbean' and surprised Kori with a video message and a phone call. "I wish you the best of luck, I'm your number one fan Captain Kori, all my respect and love," Mr Depp said in the clip posted by Kori on his YouTube channel, Kraken the Box.
The actor, 59, sported Captain Jack's distinctive headscarf, hairdo, and puffy shirt — made famous by the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise — for a collaboration with the Make-A-Wish Foundation to surprise an 11-year-old superfan named Kori, who runs the YouTube channel "Kraken the Box."
On Sunday, Depp sent a prerecorded video to him in character, with the pirate's circular conversational style on full display.
John Christopher Depp II (born June 9, 1963) is an American actor and musician. He is the recipient of multiple accolades, including a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award, in addition to nominations for three Academy Awards and two BAFTA awards.In the 2000s, Depp became one of the most commercially successful film stars by playing Captain Jack Sparrow in the Walt Disney swashbuckler film series Pirates of the Caribbean (2003–2017). He also received critical praise for Chocolat (2000), Finding Neverland (2004) and Public Enemies (2009), while also continuing his commercially successful collaboration with Tim Burton with the films Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (2005), where he portrayed Willy Wonka, Corpse Bride (2005), Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (2007), and Alice in Wonderland (2010).
Joe Rogan opened up on the most publicized court case of Amber Heard and Johnny Depp.
During an appearance in the Flagrant podcast, the UFC commentator pointed out the details that baffled him, "You watch the trial, and you form your own opinions unless you are there unless there’s direct evidence and other than the evidence of like the conversations they had that they were both recording which is wild. Now, did they secretly record each other?”
John Christopher "Johnny" Depp II was born on June 9, 1963 in Owensboro, Kentucky, to Betty Sue Palmer (née Wells), a waitress, and John Christopher Depp, a civil engineer. He was raised in Florida. He dropped out of school when he was 15, and fronted a series of music-garage bands, including one named 'The Kids'. When he married Lori A. Depp, he took a job as a ballpoint-pen salesman to support himself and his wife. A visit to Los Angeles, California, with his wife, however, happened to be a blessing in disguise, when he met up with actor Nicolas Cage, who advised him to turn to acting, which culminated in Depp's film debut in the low-budget horror film, A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984), where he played a teenager who falls prey to dream-stalking demon Freddy Krueger.
In 1987 he shot to stardom when he replaced Jeff Yagher in the role of undercover cop Tommy Hanson in the popular TV series 21 Jump Street (1987). In 1990, after numerous roles in teen-oriented films, his first of a handful of great collaborations with director Tim Burton came about when Depp played the title role in Edward Scissorhands (1990). Following the film's success, Depp carved a niche for himself as a serious, somewhat dark, idiosyncratic performer, consistently selecting roles that surprised critics and audiences alike. He continued to gain critical acclaim and increasing popularity by appearing in many features before re-joining with Burton in the lead role of Ed Wood (1994). In 1997 he played an undercover FBI agent in the fact-based film Donnie Brasco (1997), opposite Al Pacino; in 1998 he appeared in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas (1998), directed by Terry Gilliam; and then, in 1999, he appeared in the sci-fi/horror film The Astronaut's Wife (1999). The same year he teamed up again with Burton  brilliantly portraying Ichabod Crane.
At age 16 Depp dropped out of high school to pursue a music career. His band, the Kids, relocated from Florida, where he spent the majority of his childhood, to Los Angeles. In 1983 Depp married Lori Anne Allison, who worked as a makeup artist while he struggled as a musician. Allison had her friend the actor Nicolas Cage arrange for Depp to audition with director Wes Craven, and Depp made his film debut as a teenager eaten by his own bed in A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984). He divorced Allison the following year.
In 2003 Depp appeared as Capt. Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl (2003). His performance, which was modeled on Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones, earned Depp his first Academy Award nomination. He was nominated again the following year for his portrayal of Peter Pan creator James M. Barrie in Finding Neverland (2004). Depp reprised the role of Sparrow in later installments of the Pirates of the Caribbean series: Dead Man’s Chest (2006), At World’s End (2007), On Stranger Tides (2011), and Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017), which were among the highest-grossing films ever.
Maintaining his early interest in music, Depp played acoustic guitar in the film Chocolat (2000) and on the soundtrack to Once upon a Time in Mexico (2003). His work as a guitarist also appeared on albums by the Pogues and Oasis. While working on The Ninth Gate, he met French actress and singer Vanessa Paradis, with whom he had a long-term relationship (1998–2012) and two children.
One of the events that people will remember the most from this year was the controversial Amber Heard vs Johnny Depp trial. The two of them were married for 15 months and together for a few years, and to say their relationship was complicated would be a massive understatement.
It all came to a head when Amber Heard accused Johnny Depp of domestic violence, which Depp didn't only deny but also countered with accusations of abuse of his own. Although the trial ended months prior, the legal troubles resurfaced with Amber's appeal.
The infamous public trial between Amber Heard and Johnny Depp caused so much commotion, it's unlikely that show business will move on from it any time soon. During the almost two-month-long trial, both actors delved into the traumatic events of their toxic marriage, causing people from all over the world to choose sides.
It all started in 2016 when, in the midst of a complicated divorce, Amber Heard claimed that she had suffered from domestic abuse at the hands of her then-husband Johnny Depp. The actor fervently denied the accusation, and eventually, things were resolved privately between the two of them.However, in 2018, Heard spoke again of the alleged abuse in an op-ed she wrote for the Washington Post, and as a result, Depp lost several acting jobs, including his iconic role as Captain Jack Sparrow in the franchise Pirates of the Caribbean.Because of this, he sued his ex-wife for defamation, which was followed by a counter-suit from the actress. They both presented several witnesses that provided heartbreaking testimonies, and Depp brought model Kate Moss to the stand, with whom he'd had a relationship in his youth.
