The publisher defines business carrier Ethernet services as services sold by providers to enterprises or businesses, which include Ethernet services in all layers (1, 2, and 3) sold under different names, including transparent or native LAN, gigabit Ethernet (GigE), metro Ethernet, Ethernet private line (EPL), EVP line (EVPL), and virtual private LAN service (VPLS). 
This study includes copper, hybrid fiber coaxial (HFC), synchronous optical network (SONET), dense wavelength division multiplexing (DWDM), layer 2 Ethernet switches, and MPLS Ethernet services.
The scope of this research report spans from the broad outlines of the Automotive Ethernet market to delicate structures, classifications, and applications. This research report also provides a clear picture of the global market by presenting data through effective information graphics. It also provides a detailed list of factors affecting the growth of the market.
Ethernet is one of the original networking technologies, having been invented nearly 50 years ago. And yet, because of the simplicity by which the communications protocol can be deployed and its ability to incorporate modern advancements without losing backwards compatibility, Ethernet continues to reign as the de facto standard for computer networking.
Its ability to work within almost any environment has led to its universal adoption around the world. This is especially true because it allows organizations to use the same Ethernet protocol in their local area network (LAN) and their wide-area network (WAN). 
That means that it works well in data centers, in private or internal company networks, for internet applications and almost anything in between. It can even support the most complex forms of networking
Ethernet works by breaking up information being sent to or from devices, like a personal computer, into short pieces of different sized bits of information called frames. Those frames contain standardized information such as the source and destination address that helps the frame route its way through a network.
And because computers on a LAN typically shared a single connection, Ethernet was built around the principal of CSMA/CD, or carrier-sense multiple access with collision detection. Basically, the protocol makes sure that the line is not in use before sending any frames out. Today, that is far less important than it was in the early days of networking because devices generally have their own private connection to a network through a switch or node. 
Other than when encountering a collision situation, there is no error correction in Ethernet, so communications need to rely on advanced protocols to ensure that everything is being transmitted perfectly. However, Ethernet still provides the basis for most internet and digital communications, and also integrates easily with most higher-level protocols, so that is almost never an issue these days.
The original standard had Ethernet working with coaxial cable, the kind that is used to support cable television. Coaxial cable is robust and capable of carrying a lot of bandwidth over its thick internal copper wire. 
But there are tradeoffs. Coax is heavy, difficult to work with, not very flexible and also expensive. That is one reason why most home cable TV installations require a special technician to set them up, while home networking usually doesn’t.
